every family must contribute
one man to fight the world of mulan
is so rich the costumes the colors
the real landscapes and we've assembled
the most extraordinary cast of this
movie
led by liu yifei nobody else could have
played the role of mulan
she's a brilliant actress but that was
only one part of the equation
we put her through a grueling physical
assessment
she's an accomplished martial artist
every moment
yifei was on set she raised the bar and
she inspired all of us
one of my favorite moments was shooting
donnie yen's
martial arts skills as commander tong he
does a sword display
in front of all of the recruits the way
he
moves a sword it moves so fast
i had to shoot the sequence again in
slow motion just so i could see what he
was doing
he is astonishing
this is a big vision of a big journey
and i'm so happy that we've been able to
deliver
an epic vision of mulan's story
i will bring honor to us all
disney's mulan rated pg-13 streaming
september 4th
[Music]
you